well Hamas ended the ceasefire yesterday
afternoon uh the after several days of
uh ceasefire they uh began shooting at
the biva and we uh retaliated and we'll
continue doing that uh these ceasefires
are pretty peculiar we seize and they
fired us again and again and again um if
they want this whole thing to go away
they need to stop shooting at us and
disarm Gaza and uh then we could uh
continue living side by side some will
though question the timing of course
when you you ended the seasar or indeed
whether you say Hamas ended this
ceasefire because of course it does
coincide with your strike the Israeli
air strike on a top Hamas
Commander yeah you know in any case uh
we're always uh looking to to get the
commanders of uh these Terror groups
we're we're you and I are in the same uh
boat here if I may say fighting radical
Islam I mean we're talking about the
Islamic State we're talking about Hamas
we're talking about radical Islamic
states that want to uh create a big
caliphate from Baghdad through Tel Aviv
into London whenever you identify a mega
terrorist you have to take him out like
Bin Laden like El bagdadi if possible
let's talk about the people that who are
being killed because whatever way you
look at this there unequal number of
casualties more than 2,000 Palestinians
killed mostly civilians that against 66
Israelis mostly military me the figures
just don't add up why are you killing
innocent
people we're retaliating to uh over
3,000 Rockets shot at us let's make no
mistake Hamas has decided to shoot
rockets and missiles on Israel from
within uh civilian concentrations this
is a very cynical and cowardly approach
but can I ask you H how many uh Israelis
need to die for us to gain your sympathy
Hamas want you to lift The Siege I mean
why is it so difficult for Israel to do
that if it will bring about
peace no we have no Siege there's no
Siege going on in Gaza every day there's
uh dozens and dozens of um shiploads or
or um trucks of uh food and medicine and
humanitarian needs flowing into Gaza
that's not a problem the problem is that
what they try and and bring into Gaza is
also weapons and more concrete to build
more tunnels in order to kill more
Israelis and that's unacceptable so the
general rule is anything that's
humanitarian will go in anything that
can uh create weapons in order to kill
Israelis we won't allow in very quickly
yes or no you going to go back to those
peace talks in
Cairo no I I uh think that the those
talks are over uh once Kamas has started
shooting at us missiles again and again
we're not going to uh conduct talks
under uh a threat of uh shooting uh
we're facing a very
determined radical Islam group and we
have to beat it and we will